Yuko.
We're surrounded! This is bad!
Yuko. what's wrong?
Hmm.
We're having a party today.
Hmm. It's your birthday after all.
Oh. The roast nuna is done.
Can you please stay home today. BILY?
I need to go into town
to sell water.
But I'll be sure to come back
with a present.
Stay home! I don't need a present!
There. there.
I'll be back in no time.
-Hey. Pops.
-Hmm.
Sola. I already told you.
this is no place for kids.
It's work related.
Have you seen these two before?
They're smugglers.
Sounds like you've gotten yourself
mixed up in something dangerous again.
Never.
-So. do you know them or not?
-I don't.
Now what kind of trouble
have you gotten yourself into?
-Okay. so you don't know.
-Why you little...
Later. old man!
Whoa!
Nice doing business with you.
Hmm?
Hey. mister.
have you seen these people?
You mean
around here? Hmm.
-Can't say I have.
-And what about you?
They're my family.
Sorry. I don't know.
Hmm?
Why did the kid have that?
I have to hurry back to Yuko.
Hmm?
Oh! Yuko!
Yuko. are you okay?
Ugh.
I found you!
Yuko. why?
We should be getting home.
I'm so sorry. Excuse me. Pardon me.
Okay. let's go.
Yuko. I've been thinking.
Don't you think it's about time we moved?
But why?
Well. because it's so hard for you
to make friends in this town.
Hmm.
Oh. Yuko?
But I'm fine anywhere
as long as I'm with you.
What is this?
This isn't what we're looking for!
Look! See that droid over there.
I've never seen that type before.
except in this.
I'm guessing it's custom. It's gotta be.
I see.
Then I assume you've located
their hideout as well?
'Course I have.
Very well.
Riku. Gura. prepare for attack.
Huh? Attack?
Didn't you tell me
the job was retrieving stolen...
How naive.
You didn't think we'd let them get away
with stealing from pirates. did you?
We'll be taking everything
they own as payback. Mmm.
We leave immediately.
Uh...
There's still plenty of food left.
-Eat as much as you want.
-Huh?
Hmm?
Huh?
Um. excuse me. who's there?
Open up!
Pirates are coming to attack you!
You gotta get out of there! Right now!
Huh?
Dank farrik!
They're already here.
Whoa.
Wait a minute. I recognize you.
Hmm?
There's no one here but a kid.
-Is this really the right house?
-This is the place.
-What do you think you're doing?
-Yuko.
I have no business with you.
Where might your parents be?
They took something valuable of mine.
and I'm here to get it back.
With interest. of course.
Yuko's parents are no longer with us.
They got sick and died.
You think you can trick me?
You may be in hiding.
but I see right through you.
You know where it is.
Spit it out.
Tell me where my treasure is?
It's not here.
-Yuko!
-How about now?
Do you still not know where it is?
Huh?
You rascal!
Please. stop firing! I beg you!
Ugh. What a nuisance.
Bring the bear droid to the ship.
We can reprogram him there.
What do we do about the kids?
-Burn them with the house.
-Wait!
Hmm?
You want the treasure?
I'll tell you. I'll show you where it is.
Please. just don't hurt Yuko.
Oh. thank goodness. You're not hurt.
-BILY!
-Oh. uh. wait!
BILY? BILY!
Enough! Stop crying already.
It's just a droid.
We'll get you another one.
BILY's not just a droid!
He's my family.
Well. I don't know
what that means. okay?
Huh? Hmm?
What's he doing?
Whoa. whoa. whoa! Wait. wait. wait! Hey!
Move it! I need to go and save BILY.
It's too dangerous. You can't go.
Would you give up
if your family was taken from you?
Huh?
Uh...
What?
-All right then. I'm coming. too.
-Huh?
My name's Sola. What's yours?
-Yuko.
-Nice to meet you. Yuko.
-Are you sure it's this way?
-What?
'Cause Mos Eisley is the other way!
You sure it's in this direction?
Yeah! BILY's signal
is definitely coming from this direction.
It is here.
Okay. So what's the plan
for getting BILY back?
Go there.
Did you just hear that?
I heard something inside.
Yeah.
Yuko. don't just go running off.
What is all this?
These droids are the same as yours.
Okay. I'll go down ahead.
-Stay right behind me.
-Got it.
What is this place?
It won't open.
All that lies ahead is a grave.
-Your so-called "treasure" doesn't exist.
-Uh...
-What?
Are you satisfied?
Now please leave us alone.
Mmm. You think you're so clever.
Go fetch the child from the house.
Oh! Are you going to use him
to open the door?
If you know what I want.
why aren't you doing it?
Aye. aye. sir!
You're coming with me.
Come on! Let's go!
How far down does this go?
-It's that way.
-Wait!
There doesn't seem to be
anything over here.
Are you sure this is the right way?
-Probably.
-What... You don't know?
Hmm.
-What is it?
-Nothing.
Hmm? Huh?
Hmm. something's following us.
It still tingles.
I feel bad for ya.
Hmm?
Is that...
There's the kid!
Hey. stop!
Huh?
What could that be? Hmm?
Congratulations on making it here.
I've been waiting for you.
Where's BILY? Give him back to me!
Very well.
if that's what you wish.
Really?
Come now. BILY.
Why don't you have a nice reunion?
-BILY!
-Hey. wait!
BILY!
BILY?
As you can see.
I've taken the liberty of giving
your precious BILY a few upgrades.
BILY. it's me. Yuko!
Don't do this!
BILY. stop it!
BILY. you have to wake up!
Despite our
reprogramming efforts.
while BILY now follows orders.
for some reason.
he still will not open that door for us.
How frustrating.
However. you can open that door.
And if you do.
I will set BILY back to normal.
What door?
I... I don't know anything about a door!
Yuko!
-Sola!
-Hurry up and open the door.
I can't. I don't even know how to.
So what? Who cares?
Just go over there and figure it out!
It's open!
I opened the door like you asked.
Now make BILY...
Fix BILY now.
You promised me.
Nicely done. You may go now.
Huh?
Sola!
No. BILY. Stop this.
This is no time to stand around drooling.
Start loading the treasure
before the sun s...
Huh?
Impossible.
No way.
-Is that all there is?
-Uh. how dare they mock me!
Retreat!
BILY!
Stop!
Huh?
Now's our chance to get away.
Yeah.
They what?
He's right. They're trying to run away.
Hey!
Huh?
As if we're stupid enough
to wait around for you children.
Take this.
Huh?
I'm stuck! You fools! Help me!
What are you doing? Huh?
We did it!
I gotta... Uh...
BILY!
-Dear. What was that?
-BILY!
Yuko! What are you doing here?
Hmm?
BILY. are you all right?
Well. I would hope so.
Why wouldn't I be?
Oh. dear.
That's weird. The whole thing is empty.
Well. that's because our destination
is underneath.
Huh?
Uh...
What's this?
Hmm?
-Hey! It's your daddy!
-Ah...
Wow.
It spilled. Yuko.
-Ah...
-Ah!
Ah...
Yeah. Good job. Yuko.
You don't move. okay?
Look how much you've grown.
Bet you're gonna end up
bigger than Daddy.
Hmm?
Yuko. your parents were wonderful people.
They brought food and medical aid
to those in need across the Outer Rim.
And there's something else.
They left you this.
It... It's a starship.
Huh?
The original plan was to give it to you
once you were all grown up.
But... Well. follow me.
-Sola!
-Hmm. huh?
Come on. Let's go.
No. I mean. this is something
your parents left for you. right? So...
So what? You're part of the family. too.
Okay?
Come on. Hurry up.
Wow!
Wha...
-This is a real starship.
-Whoa!
Oh. I wonder if it still works.
You know I've always dreamed
of going to space one day.
Oh! Oh. well. wonderful.
In that case. shall I teach you both
how to pilot it?
Really?
It's amazing.
-BILY.
-Hmm?
I love it.
And thank you for giving me
the best birthday present ever.
Hmm.